1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 code that will perform a function (h1, p, ul, etc)
    2. What is HTML used for? 
 used for the foundation of a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
provides specificity and is included in opening tags
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
 the most important content on a web page, and we only use it ONCE! (like the title to a book or play)
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Header
    7. What is an id? 
a unique identifier to be used once, opposed to a class which we can use in multiple areas, called with the "#" sign
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
style, html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once
    10. What is a class? 
similar to an id, class groups blocks of code to be manipulated in CSS
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
all html elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
multiple
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
 _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
alternative dictation for accessibility purposes
    15. How do I reference an id?
#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
sections are used for a more targeted group of code, divs cover multiple aspects
    17. What is CSS used for? 
to style a web page, colors, sizes, borders, etc
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{} in css
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
class will be used to change multiple elements on a page, an id only changes one. class could be used to change all links on a page, and 
      id would change only one aspect such as a button
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
 .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
 p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
a child is nested in a parent, so when working with lists this would be used 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
 div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
 key word added to a selector that specifies what it should do, such as 'hover'
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
padding
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
body{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm - there is no warning prompt when removing a file in terminal
    34. Why should I use version control? 
logs all changes ever made to a file
    35. How often should I commit to github?
frequently, when you make significant changes, when you change functionality
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork repo
Add TL for collaboration
cd to directory you want repo to fork to
clone repo in gitbash
cd to new repo
create branch with git checkout -b first-lastname
work in visual studio
git add repo
git commit -m "message for github"
git push -u origin fist-lastname
submit pull request
confirm you are on your forked project and not the original project
add TL and submit


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
 inline elements only take up space necessary/dont start on a new line, block elements always start on a new line and take up entire working space
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
element refers to parent div to decide where it is positioned, it seperates itself from everything else
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
using an inline element, or <span>
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
display block: p, h1, div . display inline: <span>, a. inline-block: button.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
box model allows us to make a 'box' for content such as size, margins, padding, borders, to make our page more presentable. The 'fix' is to use %